doc: remove low-value relative links from Motoko docs that were breaking the portal builds (#3632)
dfinity/motoko: doc/md/upgrades.md

## Upgrading a deployed actor or canister smart contract

After you have deployed a Motoko actor with the appropriate `stable` variables or `preupgrade` and `postupgrade` system methods, you can use the `dfx canister install` command with the `--mode=upgrade` option to upgrade an already deployed version.

> An upcoming version of `dfx` will, if appropriate, check the safety of an upgrade by comparing the Candid and (for Motoko canisters only) the stable signatures embedded in the deployed binary and upgrade binary, and abort the upgrade request when unsafe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The  `dfx` command will, if appropriate, check the safety of an upgrade by comparing the Candid and (for Motoko canisters only) the stable signatures embedded in the deployed binary and upgrade binary, and abort the upgrade request when unsafe.
```
